Document installing new R pkgs and deploying changes manually (#7)
2i2c-org/farallon-image: README.md

   - [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)
   - [Aws CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html)
   - [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops/releases)
   - [hubploy](https://github.com/yuvipanda/hubploy)
   - [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)

### Step 1: Install additional R packages

1. The current list of existing clusters use `repo2docker` to build the Docker
image. In order to install new R packages, add them to their corespondig configuration
file: `<deployments/<hub-image>/image/install.R`

2. The packages listed in the `install.R` file are installed using
[devtools](https://www.r-project.org/nosvn/pandoc/devtools.html)

- Add the pkgs available on [Cran](https://cran.r-project.org) to the `cran_packages`
  list. These packages will be installed using `devtools::install_version`.
- Add the pkgs that are only available on GitHub to the `github_packages` list/
  These packages will be installed using `devtools::install_github`.

3. Pin every package to their current versions, available on the
[R Studio package manager](https://packagemanager.rstudio.com/client/#/repos/1/packages)

> or to a specific wanted version. If the package is only available on Cran, pin to a GitHub commit hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to a specific wanted version. If the package is only available on GitHub, pin to a GitHub commit hash.
```

4. Build the Docker image locally and make sure everything is ok.

   ```bash
      docker build . inside the image directory
   ```

> 5. Commit the changes on GitHub, for `hubploy build <hub-name> --push --check-registry` to work,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Commit the changes to git, for `hubploy build <hub-name> --push --check-registry` to work,
```
